Add Support for Connection URI to MongoDB Connector (#9819)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/mongodb.rst

.. code-block:: text

    connector.name=mongodb

>     mongodb.connection-uri=protocol://user:pass@sample.host:27017/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    mongodb.connection-url=protocol://user:pass@sample.host:27017/
```

Property Name                              Description
========================================== ==============================================================
``mongodb.seeds``                          List of all MongoDB servers

> ``mongodb.connection-uri``                 The connection uri that the driver uses to connect to a MongoDB deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``mongodb.connection-url``                 The connection url that the driver uses to connect to a MongoDB deployment
```

Comma-separated list of ``hostname[:port]`` all MongoDB servers in the same replica set, or a list of MongoDB servers in the same sharded cluster. If a port is not specified, port 27017 will be used.

This property is required; there is no default and at least one seed must be defined. Seeds or a connection string must be provided to connect to a MongoDB deployment.

``mongodb.connection-url``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A string containing the protocol, credential and host info for use in connection to your MongoDB deployment.

> This could be mongodb://user:pass@sample.host:27017/ or mongodb+srv://kay:myRealPassword@cluster0.mongodb.net/

Reviewer: Let's add a link to the official documentation. 
https://docs.mongodb.com/upcoming/reference/connection-string/

Comma-separated list of ``hostname[:port]`` all MongoDB servers in the same replica set, or a list of MongoDB servers in the same sharded cluster. If a port is not specified, port 27017 will be used.

> This property is required; there is no default and at least one seed must be defined. Seeds or a connection string must be provided to connect to a MongoDB deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Use ``mongodb.connection-url`` property instead.
```

``mongodb.connection-url``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A string containing the protocol, credential and host info for use in connection to your MongoDB deployment.

> This could be mongodb://user:pass@sample.host:27017/ or mongodb+srv://kay:myRealPassword@cluster0.mongodb.net/
> 
> For more information check the official documentation. https://docs.mongodb.com/drivers/java/sync/current/fundamentals/connection/#connection-uri
> 
> This property is required there is no default. A connection url or seeds must be provided to connect to a MongoDB deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could be ``mongodb://<user>:<pass>@<host>:<port>/?<options>`` or ``mongodb+srv://<user>:<pass>@<host>/?<options>``.

See the `MongoDB Connection URI <https://docs.mongodb.com/drivers/java/sync/current/fundamentals/connection/#connection-uri>`_ for more information.

This property is required; there is no default. A connection url or seeds must be provided to connect to a MongoDB deployment.
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The write concern to use. The available values are

> ``ACKNOWLEDGED`` and ``UNACKNOWLEDGED``.

Reviewer: Please keep `JOURNALED` and `MAJORITY`.
